So Ken wrote one ping Roorda five sipping tendered one to two to two
at the moment.
The pings are failing so let's do a trace right to tendered Wanda to the T.
So we get to tendered Wandered Wandered T which is right at 2:00 and then things seem to stop working
let's do a debug IP ICMP and try and ping router five again
nothing seems to be happening so let's check on right to what the IP writing table looks like.
We can see network for that wandered wandered 0.
We can.
In other words this network we can see Network Ten that wonder 3.0.
In other words this network we can see Network Ten dot wondered 1.0.
In other words this network we have a default trust to write a three.
But remember that rudder three doesn't have visibility of this network.
If rudder two forwards that traffic to write three it's going to go nowhere.
So what we need to do is we need to run a routing protocol on rudder two and rudder four so that this
network is advertised to rudder to through the tunnel so that rudder to forwards traffic to rudder 5
through the tunnel or via rudder for so we should enable that some kind of writing protocol.
I'm gonna enable EAI GOP to keep it simple the network that I will enable is Network 10.
So in other words I'm not going to enable you GOP on the surreal interface it's going to be enabled
on the first Ethernet and tunnel interfaces only disable or to summarization to show IP GOP interfaces
shows me that my job is running on fast Ethan at 0 0 and the total interface it's not running on the
serial interface on the.
We can do something similar.
So right at your job he 100 network tendered 0 deterrent at zero.
No.
Or the summary.
And notice as soon as I did that a neighbor relationship was established to neighbor tendered wonder
treatment one precinct was made of DI enabled note order summary to that neighbor.
So once again show IPO GOP interfaces shows that E.R. job is enabled on Foster Ethan at 0 0 as well
as the tunnel interface show IP.
Yeah.
GOP neighbors we can see an easy job.
He neighbor tended wandered 3 to 1 directly connected through tunnels 0.
The point is and forgive the pun.
This is a point to point link so logically Rider 2 and ride a 4 are directly connected to each other
and each GOP sees them as directly connected neighbors.
So in order to show IP wrote we now see a route to ten dot wonder 2.0 slash 24 via tunnel zero.
This was learnt through the GOP from neighbor tendered wonder or to run it to now has visibility of
this network.
So can write a 1 ping root of 5.
There was a slight timeout but notice the ping now succeeds and we can see the output in the debug.
We received an echo reply on Radio 5 just to make the point debug IP ICMP or ping from router 1 once
again.
And notice the ping succeeds.
We can see the output.
So we've now successfully configured a jury tunnel from router 2 to 3 out of 4 and run a 1 can ping
root of 5.
But remember router 3 has no visibility of the networks.
Rider 3 only sees network 4 dot wandered wandered 0 a network for that wonder 2.0 it has no visibility
of this network 10 1 1 0 or this network 10 1 2 0 so let's look at some of the show commands available
for Jari tunnels and do some additional y shock captures.